all right you're going through the
veggie bin in your fridge
and there it is among uneaten fruits and
vegetables
lying there rotting in the crisper as a
constant reminder of that healthy diet
you promised yourself you'd start on
monday
that asparagus you got at the grocery
store a week ago
yeah okay here's some motivation
asparagus is packed with these wonderful
things called
antioxidants they help lower the harmful
effects of basically you know
anything including stress and if you're
forever struggling to decrease the
number on the scale
asparagus could be just what you need
it's about 94
water and has as few as 32 calories and
a one cup serving
that and the body digests asparagus
slowly
so after eating just a handful you'll
keep feeling full
in between meals that means no more
reaching for that midday snack of
chips and cookies oh i mean bingo
hey if you're like me and tired of
getting seasonal flu and colds
then crunch on some carrots they're
loaded with vitamins a
and c which are must haves for your
immune system
now don't count on tossing your glasses
after getting perfect vision with your
new carrot diet
that's a myth they won't improve your
eyesight but the antioxidants in them do
protect your eyes from the types of
light that can damage them
oh yeah and you might start turning
orange if you eat more than 10 carrots a
day for a few weeks
if you're a fan of willy wonka now you
can flash an oompa loompa vibe
if pasta is your guilty pleasure well
it's not all that bad
first it doesn't have much fat in it
plus it keeps you full for longer
and we already know the perks of that
just be sure to check if your sauce is
good
opt for mayonnaise free versions and
make sure your pasta is whole grain
plenty more junk foods you can reach for
without feeling guilty
popcorn is packed with fiber which yet
again
keeps you full and is great for your gut
i'm talking digestion
though your favorite movie snack could
also help you lose that spare tire too
it's surprisingly low in calories well
before you put the butter on it
even more shocking popcorn is good for
stress
yes the thing that makes us all want to
tear our hair out
wreaks havoc on the body even at the
cellular level
antioxidants help repair that damage and
here's a tip to keep it healthy
don't go too far with salt and butter
it's better to have it a bit bland
now you'll really like this m m's may
not be the healthiest sweets
but their blue dye is supposedly kind of
magical
some researchers claim this blue
coloring provides a better chance of
recovery after
spinal injuries or you can just skip the
spinal injuries if you prefer
how about a peanut butter sandwich good
news
a standard two tablespoon serving of
peanut butter
has just three grams of saturated fat
that's the bad one that blocks blood
vessels
and about 12 grams of unsaturated fat
the good kind your body needs olive oil
for example has the same ratio
to make it even healthier go for
unsalted peanut butter
and put it on whole grain bread regular
butter is heavy in bad
fats but it can also help your body
better absorb
important vitamins like a d e
and k a tip if you're worried about
gaining a few extra pounds
opt for whipped butter it has fewer
calories
that's because it's full of air any
ketchup is loaded with most of the good
things
any regular tomato has your heart likes
it and
it can help fight stress yes those
magical antioxidants yet again
try to opt for organic ketchups if you
can they're made from real healthy
tomatoes with richer nutrients
at least that's what a recent study from
spain found
and as one of the world's leading tomato
producers
they probably know what they're talking
about sweet potatoes don't have many
calories despite their sweetness
but they're rich in a lot of good things
for you like iron copper
and potassium it's also full of vitamin
b6
that helps your body produce the
happiness hormone serotonin
plus you'll get 120 percent of your
daily recommended amount for vitamin a
you know the thing your immune system
craves it's also great for moisturizing
your skin
and improving complexion bacteria and
food usually
aren't a good mix yeah blame it for all
those rotten vegetables in your fridge
but in sauerkraut they're the perfect
match
in fact people do need bacteria for
healthy digestion
but they need the right kind sauerkraut
helps keep bad bacteria out of your gut
which makes your digestive system work
even better
if you're having rice opt for the brown
kind
while white rice is processed the husk
is removed and the rice is polished
the problem is up to 80 percent of the b
vitamins get unintentionally eliminated
too
other vitamins get completely taken out
plus brown rice has more fiber
keeping you feeling nice and full
between meals
got some motion sickness or feeling
nauseous grab a serving of ginger
and here's a strange one ginger helps
get rid of body odor
first the root heats you up and makes
you sweat nasty toxins in the body make
their way out through this sweat
and any unpleasant odors disappear
ginger is also a natural
antibiotic and antioxidant take a break
from
regular water every now and then with
coconut water
you still get the hydration you need
plus some added benefits
it's a great source of essential
minerals especially for your body's
nervous and muscular systems
many experts even recommend it as a much
better alternative to sugary sports
drinks
sardines are packed with nutrients and
even improved blood flow
they have a lot of calcium tons of
protein yet
few calories protein is a must for
maintaining muscle mass
and boosting muscle growth if you're
looking to bulk up
and stay that way there you go sardines
another tiny fish that proves size
doesn't matter is the
anchovy they too are loaded with protein
calcium and omega-3 fatty acids
just like any big fish hey order some
anchovy pizza next time if you're
lactose intolerant but want to benefit
from dairy products
try some kefir this fermented milk is
full of bacteria
and don't be scared it's the good kind
that may help eliminate or reduce
lactose intolerance problems try
replacing your daily black tea or coffee
with some rooibos for a couple weeks
it's a plant used to make red tea and
several studies have linked it with good
heart and kidney health
it's a great alternative if you have a
bad reaction to caffeine
red tea doesn't have any a nice bonus it
has zero calories
so if you're on a diet give it a try if
you still avoid dark poultry meat
you may want to reconsider sure light
meat is a healthy choice
no argument here but the fat in the
darker parts contains a hormone
that stimulates the digestion of fat and
protein
meat from the leg is also packed with
taurine which is essential for good
metabolism and digestion
oats are packed with a whole laundry
list of vitamins that's a given
but they're a must for weight loss full
of fiber that keeps you energized and
full they also contain more protein and
good fats than other grains
bottom line oatmeal is one of the
healthiest breakfasts you can have
and it's quick and easy to make even
though coconut oil contains some bad
saturated fat
it's still good for your weight and
energy levels plus these are fats that
can be easily digested
coconut oil also helps the body burn fat
and provides the brain with quick energy
not to mention the hair and skin
benefits of it
rub some on your face or all down your
hair from root to tip
it's very moisturizing there's one
yummy way to lose weight if you're a fan
of spicy food
use hot sauces they add the flavor you
love
and help cut down your appetite it's all
because of the capsaicin they contain
it's usually in chili peppers this
compound lowers the hunger hormone
grilling
in your body while raising the level of
the hormone that's in charge of
suppressing your appetite
double whammy spices such as cumin
and turmeric are healthier than you
might have thought
turmeric has potent antiviral properties
and acts as an anti-inflammatory agent
cumin is also good at combating bad
bacteria and it's super
heart healthy and now i'm hungry finish
clearing out your crisper and
i'm off to lunch bye